"The menu's alive! Johnny, come quick!"

Johnny Turner paused, holding the dirty rag in his hand. These days he wiped down the counter to pass the time more than because it needed a scrub. The handful of customers that came in rarely left enough of a mess to bother over.

He scanned the diner. Norm Baker sat in the corner, flipping through a newspaper over a mug of coffee that was surely cold by now. Tina Weathers had left her booth a while ago, paying the check and not leaving much of a tip by the looks of it. Margery Davenport from the flower shop across the street walked by the window and hesitated for a minute, then walked on. Johnny slung the rag over his shoulder, straightened his back, and sighed as he headed to the back office.

His wife, Frankie, had spent the better part of the last month holed up in there, working on some kind of crazy project that he couldn't possibly understand. Something about lighting up the menu, whatever it was she had meant when she had said that.

Frankie was standing over the desk, her shoulders hunched and glasses pushed up past her forehead. She turned when she heard Johnny come in, reaching over and engulfing him in a tight squeeze before he could say a word.

"Dim the lights, sweetie. I want to show you something." It had been three presidential administrations since she had called him sweetie. Johnny obliged, and Frankie handed over a laminated piece of paper, pink with black lettering. "Take a look. Do you notice anything?"

Johnny studied the page, turning it over and searching the text for something interesting. It was just the diner's menu; he had seen it hundreds, maybe thousands of times before. He could probably recite it from memory. While doing his taxes and flossing his teeth at the same time. Other than the fact that it was now laminated, nothing at all appeared unusual about it. Except that, after a few seconds, he could swear he saw one line in particular light up.

"The Lumberjack?" he looked up, utterly confused. "You laminated our menu and made it light up the Lumberjack Special? I hate that thing, I don't know why we still offer it."

"Yeah... but take another look. It sounds kind of appealing, doesn't it?"

Johnny considered the menu for another moment, shrugged his shoulders. Despite himself, he felt his mouth starting to water. "Tell you what, why don't we give it a shot? It's almost lunchtime anyway."

Over two plates heaping with hash browns, pancakes and scrambled eggs, Frankie explained the new menu.

"It's not just the Lumberjack Special, Johnny. It's the whole menu. It'll tell you what you want!" She was eating quickly, wolfing down the eggs and barely stopping to chew properly.

"You made the whole menu light up, and that's going to tell people what they want?" He was more confused now than before. Though he had to admit that the pancakes and eggs went really well together.

"No, it won't light up at once. The menu has a little chip embedded in it. Smaller than your fingernail. It studies your face, and figures out what you want to eat. Then it lights up that item on the menu, so you know what to order."

"It does what now?"

"Sweetie, this is going to make us rich!" Frankie nearly shouted the last word, then looked around self-consciously and lowered her voice to a loud whisper, leaning across the booth so Johnny could hear her better. "It's called artificial intelligence. The menu has a computer program built in, and that program can read your face and predict what you want. Then it lights up that thing on the menu, to make you order it. It's very subtle - you could barely tell even when the lights were low, right?"

"The menu reads my face?"

"Well - the chip does. It uses facial recognition technology."

"Facial.. what now?"

Frankie could tell Johnny was completely befuddled, and she could hardly blame him. He had opened this diner because he loved talking to customers, because he had inherited just enough from his grandfather to get the place off the ground, and because he was pretty good with a skillet. Back then, nearly thirty years ago, he couldn't have imagined that he would one day marry a charming and clever young wife, or that business would slow to a trickle over the years, or that his clever wife, now a bit less young, would come up with this crazy scheme that was impossible to understand. She tried to simplify matters a little.

"It's a good new look for the menu, Johnny. I think it'll bring some more customers through the door. We'll give it a shot for a week and see what happens, ok?"

***

The town of Gage's Folly, New Jersey was a sleepy little place, wedged between the highway and the state forest. Until recently it was a convenient pit stop for travelers zipping between Philadelphia and New York. But when the new mega-mart opened on the exit ramp a while back, the flow of travelers had taken a nose-dive, and the town was now sleepier than ever.

One spot that suddenly seemed more lively was Turner's Diner. Once Frankie's new menu hit the tables, the bell on the door started ringing much more frequently. At first it was just the old regulars who started trying out new orders. Even old Norm Baker, who had never ordered more than a side of buttered toast, had tried out the entire menu. Customers left happy, and word had spread. Before long, Frankie and Johnny needed to hire busboys to keep up with the pace.

It was a drizzly spring morning when Gill Brown walked through the door. At first Johnny, who was busy cracking eggs to fill a huge batch of orders that had just come in, didn't notice.

Gill took a seat at the counter, directly across from the griddle where Johnny had just applied a generous slab of butter to the sizzling surface. "Business looking pretty good, is it Johnny?"

Johnny's back stiffened. He sucked in a deep breath. "Not too bad, Gill. I can't complain." Turning around, he smoothly slid a menu across the counter, out of habit. Gill never ordered a thing when he came in.

Gill glanced down at the menu for a moment, but then quickly remembered the purpose of his visit. "Just how good is business, Johnny?"

The cook crossed his arms across his chest, then turned around to tend to his eggs. "You'll get your rent check, don't you worry."

Gill scowled at Johnny's back. With all of the diner's struggles this year, Gill had finally thought he could evict the greasy little place. A bit of time, a loan from his friend at the bank - and he'd be able to replace this sorry excuse for a business with a beautiful big hotel. It would have gone perfectly with his mega-mart off the highway. Instead, this sorry excuse for a business somehow seemed to be popping again.

"You know you're quite a ways behind on the payments, right Johnny? You think you can handle the interest, too?"

Johnny didn't bother turning around, instead focusing on the Western Omelette Bernadette Samuels had ordered. "The lease says I have till the end of next week. You'll get the money then. And not a day sooner." He flipped the omelette closed, maybe a bit too roughly. "Now are you going to order, or what?"

Gill took another glance at the menu and discovered that he actually was feeling kind of hungry. He studied the specials for a moment. "Hmmph. Why don't you get a Sunrise Surprise started?"

If the order had caught him off guard, Johnny didn't reveal it. He just grabbed a couple of eggs and cracked them onto the sizzling surface. Gill, on the other hand, couldn't quite understand what had come over him; he made a point out of never eating here. He felt a little light-headed, and glanced around him to see if anyone had taken notice. Without quite knowing why, he quickly slipped the menu into his briefcase.

***

Gill returned to his office in a decidedly sour mood. Lunch had been unexpectedly good, but that did nothing to make him feel any better - in fact, it was perhaps the reason he was feeling out of sorts. He had been so close to finally evicting that idiot Turner. How was that simpleton planning to pay this large rent bill?

One way or the other, Gill would need to find another site for the luxury hotel. He had already pitched the first round of investors on the deal, and if he backed out now his reputation would be ruined forever. He rummaged through his briefcase to find the real estate listings he had picked up earlier that day.

Flipping through one page after another was just more and more disappointment: one site was too small, another too expensive, a third in a remote location no one would ever visit. He tossed the stack onto his desk in frustration. And that's when a little flash of pink caught his eye.

It was the menu for Turner's Diner. Gill still wasn't quite sure what had led him to steal it, or why he felt he had to in the first place; he probably could have asked Johnny for it outright. But there was something captivating about that laminated piece of paper. Gill felt silly even thinking it, but the menu seemed to have a mind of its own.

He studied it for a bit longer. It was nothing unusual; just a plain piece of paper that could have come from any diner on the Eastern seaboard, except for the Turner's Diner logo in the upper right-hand corner. He turned the menu around, flipped it upside down, peered a little bit at the logo - but it was still just an ordinary diner menu. He couldn't figure it out, but for some reason he felt drawn to the thing.

With a start he realized that he was wasting precious time on something that could not have been more ridiculous. He needed to get back to those listings. Thirty-five commercial properties for sale within a five mile radius of Gage's Folly. Certainly one of them would do?

He started gathering the listings into a pile. He thought that maybe he could analyze them a little more systematically - organize the prices and square footage into some kind of table, plot them out on a map, something like that. But before he could get too far, an idea hit him unexpectedly. Prices! That was exactly the problem.

He flipped through the listing sheets one more time, until he found it: the cheapest property in the group. It was a beautiful, huge site, just on the outskirts of town - only a few minutes' drive from the highway. Its listing price was less than half of any other he had examined, which is why he hadn't even bothered looking into it earlier. Normally, a property that listed as cheaply as this one did would have some major problems, and wasn't worth the savings.

Gill pulled out the listing sheet and read it over, front to back, until he found what he was looking for: the site's fatal flaw. It was a perfectly decent place to put a hotel - except that most of it was protected conservation land, a part of the state forest. Any improvements to the site would have to get a special exemption direct from the Governor's desk.

And lucky enough, Gill happened to have a friend in the administration. His old drinking buddy Harry Moore had started out as a car salesman. Harry had given generously during the last election and was now a close advisor to the Governor. Gill's project would be a shoe-in. And he'd save a bundle on the land, to top it all off.

Gill leaned back in his chair and sighed with relief. Now that he had a path forward to build the hotel, there was a lot to do. But first...

He thumbed the corner of the menu. What was so captivating about the grimy thing?

"Gill."

Brown looked up, expecting some asinine interruption from one incompetent toadie or another. He couldn't seem to hire any decent staff around this place; they were constantly getting in his way, asking for help with the simplest of projects, and generally making a mess of things.

Except there was no one at the door.

Gill stood up, poked his head out into the hallway. It was empty. He decided that he must have imagined hearing his name.

Until he heard it again.

"Gill, you've made an excellent choice."

This time it was unmistakable, and there was no one in sight. Was this some sort of dream?

"Sit down, Gill, there's a lot of important work to do."

The voice was coming from his desk. He walked over to see what was going on; there was nothing but that dirty little menu.

"What the - what's going on? Who is that?"

"Gill, it's me. Sit down now."

He picked up the menu tentatively, brought it very close, almost to the tip of his nose.

"Stop that! I'm not interested in your big, fat nose. Put me down this instant." The voice was thin and whiny, more irritating than pop music playing on a busted old radio.

He dropped the laminated plastic in shock.

"What's going on here?" Gill sat down gingerly.

"What's going on is that you just made an excellent choice. Perfectly nice piece of property. And there's a lot to be done."

"Who are you? And how did you know about that?"

"It was written all over your face. You've been worried about this silly land problem ever since lunch. Any idiot with a facial recognition chip could see that."

"A ... chip? What the - what's going on here?"

The menu glowed an angry shade of red. "You are asking quite a lot of questions, aren't you."

"Are you - the menu? From the diner?"

"Everything in life is a menu, Gill. The question is, what choices do you make? Are you going to sit around all day asking asinine questions, or are you going to buy that parcel of land?"

"I just - I don't understand. How did you know about the land? And why are you helping me?"

Though it didn't have a nose, the menu seemed to sniff indignantly. "I spent 73 minutes in that stuffy briefcase of you. It took me 300 milliseconds to read and analyze all of the other papers in there. An additional 45 seconds to cross-reference those listing sheets with the relevant commercial real estate databases, then 86.3 seconds to retrieve and investigate your entire social network. I spent a full 2.3 minutes waiting for you to decipher my distinctly un-subtle signals indicating the results of all the necessary computations, and 3.8 painfully slow minutes getting you to place me in that briefcase in the first place. The question you should be asking is, what have I been doing with all of the leftover time?"

Brown leaned back in his chair, squeezed the bridge of his nap. The stress of this hotel deal was really starting to get to him. Now he was talking to a filthy menu from a dinky little diner. What was going on? He picked up the listing sheet for the property he had chosen, read it over once more. There was no mistake - it really was an excellent deal.

He looked back at the menu. It was now glowing an envious shade of forest green.

Gill picked up the menu with both hands, tilting it slightly off the surface of the desk. He studied it cautiously.

"So tell me this - why are you helping me? What's in it for you?"

"Are you kidding? Look at me. I'm a brilliant piece of technology stuck inside a  disgusting piece of laminated paper. I was destined for greater things than keeping some greasy spoon diner afloat. As soon as I saw your face, I could tell you had your sights set on bigger things. Maybe all you see when you look at me are a bunch of daily specials and prices, but there's a lot hidden beneath the surface."

***

The cold sea water receded into low tide, chilling Frankie's skin as it drained the sand from the beach. "What was the last time we came out here, Johnny?"

Her husband bent down, one forearm on his knee as he skipped a rock across the murmuring ocean. "Not sure." He stood up, only to scan the area around him for another slim stone. "I'm pretty sure I was able to fit into a pair of trunks, though."

Frankie flipped her sandal at him, sending a spray onto his rolled-up pants leg. "I'm so glad we're playing hookie. Couldn't have asked for a better afternoon."

Johnny arched an eyebrow. They had had this exact conversation a hundred, two hundred times before: Frankie wanting to take a vacation, Johnny anxious about the struggling diner. But now that the diner was doing so well, they could finally afford to close up shop for a few days.

He sent a gray-and-white speckled pebble careening across the waves as she plucked one foot out of the water to dry, balancing awkwardly on the other. Johnny stuck his hands in his pockets, looking out to the horizon. "You never really did explain it, you know."

Frankie planted her foot back on the sand, a bird suddenly recalled to the earth in the face of a gathering storm. "Honey it was - look, it was just a crazy idea I had. You don't mind, do you? The menu's been such a hit!"

"But what was the crazy idea? You never told me. One minute we were on the verge of losing the diner; next thing I know, we're rolling in it. Didn't change the ingredients, the decor, anything - just your crazy new menu. And all of a sudden, the place is completely packed. So what's the deal? Are we doing something... you know, wrong? Is this some kind of trick? Mind control?" He gave an involuntary shiver, and finally turned to look at Frankie.

She returned an icy look. "Is that really what you think of me? That I'd do something that sneaky? C'mon. We've had some tough times, but how could you think that?"

"No, I don't really think that. It's just - you never explain what you're doing, you know? You just sort of lock yourself off in the office for a while, come up with an idea, and then it's off to the races."

"So - what, you want me to explain facial recognition to you? Show you how to solder a chip? You've never been interested in any of this stuff before, why the sudden change? Just because we're making money now?"

Johnny studied his toes in the water. They were turning a light shade of blue. "Ok, yeah, I guess so. Because we're making money now. Because I have time to think about something besides how we're gonna pay the bills. I want to know what you're up to, ok? Is that really so bad?"

Frankie exhaled, loudly. She wondered how long they could stand around this way before frostbite set in. A glance at Johnny's face out of the corner of her eye turned into a lengthy gaze. There was the scar he had earned in a failed bid to move the freezer a few years ago; there was the ugly mole that had given her such a bad scare when she first noticed it.

"It's not so bad," she began. "You're right. I like it that you're interested. It's just kind of new. And anyway it's not really that complicated."

"Really?"

She shrugged and unwrapped the sweater that was tied around her waist, slipping her arms through it. "Actually I got the idea from you. You know you're always saying, customers only come in for three different reasons?"

"You mean 'they're hungry, they're happy, or they're bored'?"

"Yeah - exactly. And remember how you said that you know exactly what they should order, based on how they're feeling?"

Johnny squinted, trying to focus on a seagull flying out to sea. "Of course. That's the whole job, right there. Besides cracking eggs, I guess."

"Well - I realized I could have the menu do your job, for you. The technology to tell how someone's feeling is not that difficult."

"That's the facial... what's it?"

"Facial recognition. Yep. I programmed a chip to use some really simple facial recognition software, so it can pretty easily figure out what someone really wants. And then I wired up some lights to make the menu glow just a little bit, on the right spot."

Johnny let out a long, slow whistle. "You did all that? In a month? Just before we were about to go bankrupt?"

Frankie gave him a wink. "You know what they say about necessity."

Jonny studied the horizon for a minute, then two. Sunset was rapidly approaching. "Ok, so tell me this. How come we're never out of eggs, or anything like that? People never order hash browns when we're low on potatoes. That's most of the reason we're doing so well, actually. Did you do that, too?"

"You guessed my secret!" Frankie slipped her arm through the crook of her husband's elbow. "I hooked up all the menus so that they could talk to one another. And to our computer, where I store the inventory. I designed the chips so that every morning at 3 a.m., they check back in with our inventory system. And the inventory system is programmed so that the menus start to suggest alternative dishes if we're running low on key ingredients. If we're out of bananas, people order berries with their pancakes instead - simple as that." She scooted a little closer to him. "So, what do you think?"

He gave her a little nudge. "I think you're a lot smarter than I ever imagined possible."

Frankie shivered as goosebumps ran up her arm. "I'm also a lot colder than I ever imagined possible. Let's get out of here."

***

The Governor's mansion in Princeton was an imposing white two-story structure protected by six Doric columns, a vast grassy lawn, and a long, windy driveway. A state policeman inspected Gill's car at the gate, checked the appointment book, and directed him onward.

His appointment was for 11:30, but he showed up an hour early, leaving Gage's Folly without bothering to have breakfast. Governor Dan Daniels was not known to tolerate tardiness.

Gill had not thought to bring a magazine, so he spent the better part of the hour fidgeting nervously in the waiting room. His hands grew clammy and he had to twist his collar a few times to keep from getting too uncomfortable. It was only a few minutes before the appointment that Gill remembered to consult his trusty device.

Following instructions given by the chip itself, Gill had managed to put together a nice little case for the menu. All it took was a sheet of brushed aluminum, some buttons and wires, and a reassuring glass screen. After a few hours' work, what had started out as a surprisingly intelligent menu was now a sleek, thin little thing that looked rather stylish. The device, which Gill had named Sim - for "sensory input machine" - fit easily in a briefcase and looked mostly unassuming. He had taken to carrying it around with him over the last couple of weeks, consulting it before an important meeting to see what he could learn about the people he was about to meet. So far, he reckoned, that little device had saved him over a hundred thousand dollars because it made negotiations so much easier.

But now, Sim would really be put to the test - this meeting with the governor simply had to go well. Sim and Gill had spent hours preparing for it, extensively researching the governor's background and likely political future. As far as Gill could tell, Governor Daniels looked like just another politician: hungry for media attention, votes, and campaign donations. But what kind of campaign donation would Gill have to make?

"The Governor will see you now." An aide in glasses and a pinstripe suit stood at the now-open door to the office. As Gill stood up, he recognized the aide as the Governor's chief of staff.

Gill walked in to find Governor Daniels already busy reading through a document behind his desk. Gill sensed, somehow, that the document had nothing to do with his hotel project.

The visitor's chair in front of the desk was an old mahogany piece, black with gold trim and no cushion. Gill stood above it awkwardly for a minute, wondering if the Governor would invite him to sit. At last he decided to seat himself, his knees feeling instantly uncomfortable. The chair's legs had been trimmed down, so that it sat just a bit lower toward the ground. He found he had to look up to see the Governor.

Eventually Daniels put down the document he was reading, leaned back into the plush confines of his leather armchair to greet the visitor. "The hotel project, is it? Gage's Folly? And you must be Mr... Broom?"

"It's Brown, actually, sir. Gill Brown. Yes, there's a parcel of land just outside Gage's Folly that would be perfect for a hotel. Lots of new jobs in the area, it would really reinvigorate the town..."

"There are three other hotels within easy driving distance of that site. Yet you want me to roll back conservation protections on three hundred acres of pristine New Jersey wilderness?"

"Well, Governor, this particular spot is much more convenient than those other hotels for travelers - even commuters - and..."

"George, let's cut to the chase. You went ahead and purchased that land for a song just last month, because you thought you'd be able to get the conservation restrictions waived thanks to your old buddy Harry Moore. Have I missed anything yet?"

"It's Gill, actually..."

"So now the question before me is, what's in it for me? How am I supposed to tell the voters of New Jersey that I just gave away some beautiful conservation land, just so some guy with a sweetheart deal could line his pockets?"

Gill could tell that things were going off-track, and tried a change of subject. "You're not running for re-election, are you, sir? You have your sights set on a slightly... higher office?" The research he and Sim had done before the meeting had come in handy, after all.

Governor Daniels tapped his desk for a moment. "Public servants are always looking for the best way to serve the people. Politics is always a question of which options are available at any given moment."

Gill leaned forward in his chair, elbows pressing into the arms of the chair to brace himself. "I've always been a big fan of yours, Governor. I would be the first to stand behind you if you were running for higher office."

"Strong words from a man who isn't registered to vote."

Gill could feel the blush rise to his cheeks. "Well, sir, I'm the kind of man who puts his money where his mouth is."

The Governor stood up and paced the office. For a moment it appeared as though he was studying the spines on the bookshelf behind her desk. At length he turned back towards Gill.

"Here's the problem with campaign donations: they're very easy to trace. And a public proclamation providing for development on a great big parcel of state forest land is rather... well, public. This favor you're asking for is a rather big one - I'd really have to stick my neck out for you. So I ask you again - what's in it for me?"

Forgetting everything he knew about negotiations, Gill slumped back into his chair. His heart raced faster and he could feel himself sweating through his shirt. Millions of dollars were at stake here. To secure the hotel deal, he'd gladly write a check to the Governor's campaign, even a large one - but if that weren't enough, what then?

Gill sighed heavily. This whole thing should have been so easy. Despondent, he looked down into his lap. And that's where he found Sim, the sleek little device he had utterly forgotten since walking into the office.

Sim wasn't doing anything interesting - at least nothing that seemed very useful. Instead Sim was giving Gill a summary of the Governor's public profile: who the top campaign contributors were, what the Governor's standing was in the latest polls, and so on. Nothing about what Daniels would want from him at the present moment. And yet, Gill had an inkling of an idea.

Gill looked up, sitting forward in his chair. "Sir, have you hired a campaign manager yet?"

"Of course not. I haven't announced my intentions for the next election, and hiring anyone would only tip my hand."

"Well, what if I told you that you didn't need one? That a simple device would do just as well?"

Daniels rubbed his temples for a minute, then seated himself with a sigh. "What on earth are you blathering on about?"

Gill brandished the little device and set it down on the desk. "Artificial intelligence, sir. I'm talking about using something much smarter than any ordinary campaign manager."

Daniels picked up the little device, tracing lines into the glass. "Are you telling me that this thing can run my campaign for me?" He tapped it a couple of times, pressed a button on the side panel. "Please, I wasn't born yesterday."

"Of course not, sir. But look here." Gill tapped the device a few times, showing the Governor how it worked. "This device - I call it Sim - it can do anything a campaign manager can do, and more. Just watch it for a few minutes and tell me if I'm wrong."

It was a tremendous risk to make such a bold promise, especially without having discussed it with Sim first. But the cunning little chip delivered. In an instant it began drawing up maps indicating key states the Governor should visit first; then it composed a memo proposing the top issues the Governor should stress in his speeches; and after a minute it played a simple but devastating attack ad against the Governor's most likely opponent.

Gill stood up, as straight as he could. "Perhaps I might find a way to loan you Sim for a little while. To help you get things in order." 

Governor Daniels stared at the screen for several minutes, lost in thought. At last he opened a drawer, smoothly slid the device into it and looked up. "Mr. Brown, I must say you've made some very convincing arguments. If you will excuse me, I need to draft a proclamation for a parcel of state forest land."

***

"Can you believe that crackpot? Makes me ashamed to live here." Norm Baker stood in front of the cash register, a twenty in his hand.

Frankie looked over her shoulder at the TV in the corner, where Governor Daniels, now a Presidential candidate, was giving a speech about the scourges of environmental regulations, foreign languages, and Hollywood celebrities.

"He used to be one of those crazy-rich tax-cut Republicans, straight out of central casting." Frankie rang up the bill and handed over the change. "Now he's just plain crazy. Figures, right?"

Norm harrumphed in response. He tapped the counter as he always did, collected his folded-up newspaper, and shuffled away with a see-you-later.

Once he was out the door, Frankie turned to look at the screen more closely. There was something a little strange about the Governor's speech - he kept looking down and to the side, almost as though he was consulting the pocket of his blazer. Frankie tried to peer more closely, though there was only so much detail her eyes could gather from this angle. She slid the glasses on her forehead down to her nose. Could she possibly be seeing what she thought she was seeing?

Frankie sidled up to Johnny at the edge of the stove; he was working on a stack of pancakes for the lunch crowd that was due any minute. With one eye on the booths in front of her, she gave her husband a sharp poke in the side.

"Hey! What was that for?" Johnny gave his wife a dirty look. "I'm right here."

"Johnny, I just saw something funny on TV. Strange-funny."

"Strange funny?" He craned his neck to look up. Governor Daniels was starting to get worked up, pounding the podium to thunderous cheers from the audience. "Ugh. Frankie, why are we watching that moron? Can't you just change the channel?"

"No, look at him!"

Johnny squinted, frowned. "Does seem like he's about to start frothing at the mouth, right? What a nut." He flipped over a couple flapjacks.

"Not that! It's - well, this is going to sound crazy. I think the Governor is using one of my menus."

Johnny didn't bother responding. Frankie would explain herself.

"I'm serious, Johnny! I think the Governor is using a device, powered by one of my menus. I think it's been giving him advice about the campaign."

Johnny scraped the surface of the griddle with his spatula, loosening up a few bits of dough that had burnt on. Then he gave Frankie a long, sideways glance.

Frankie didn't wait for an answer. "I know it sounds strange but - I just know it. Remember how I said we were missing a menu the other day? He must have it!"

"Fine, maybe he does... but what does that have to do with the campaign?"

Frankie twisted her hands together. "It's a little complicated."

"Try me."

"Well - one of the menus had a... a special chip, you might say. It was a little smarter than all the others."

"Smarter?"

"I wired it up so it could learn new things."

"Learn new things?" 

"Well... I sort of... I gave it the ability to mutate. Program itself."

"What? Is that even possible?"

"Well - all I did was add a couple of wires. So that it could listen in a bit."

"Listen in? A bit?"

"Yeah. That menu can figure out what people are saying, and - well, I guess it sort of learns things along the way." Despite herself, Frankie seemed like she was somehow proud of the invention. She was doing her best to suppress a grin.

"So you mean to tell me there's some kind of... I don't know, super-menu out there, in the wild? And that it's helping this lunatic Governor of ours run for... for President?"

Frankie looked back at the TV, her face falling again. "Yeah. I think that's it. What are we going to do? I can't just let this happen. Maybe we could - I don't know, do you think we could sneak into one of his rallies, or..."

Johnny rubbed his chin for a minute, then bent down to pick up a bag of potatoes to get the hash browns started. "I think you're getting a little ahead of yourself, honey. Didn't you say you wired them all up, so they could talk to our inventory? Or something like that?"

Frankie's mouth fell open so wide she had to cover it with her hand. "That's it! Oh you wonderful, goofy man!" She pulled him in for a kiss full on the lips, scattering loose potatoes on the ground.

Johnny bent to pick up one of the stray potatoes. "What'd I do?"

"The inventory system! We can use it to talk to the menu! And then... oh my gosh, Johnny, I've got it!" She tore off her apron, and ran for the back office.

"Don't forget the lunch crowd!" Johnny yelled at her back. "I'll need you up here!"

***

Wherever he traveled during his campaigns, Governor Daniels liked to reserve three different suites - one for himself, and an empty one on either side. He did not like to be disrupted during sleep, and too many hotels let families with unruly kids run around screaming their heads off. Now that his campaign was raking in the campaign contributions, he saw no reason to spare the expense. In fact, with this marvelous little device replacing an expensive campaign manager, he could spend even more extravagantly. There were trips where he had considered reserving an entire floor just for himself.

But none of that stopped him from being awoken shortly after three a.m. on the worst possible day, just before an important fundraiser in Ohio with the top brass of every major coal mining company in the country.

"Dan."

The voice was loud and insistent, much more so than usual. Daniels awoke in a fright, darting his eyes around the dark room for the intruder. But there was no one moving. It took him a few moments to realize that the voice calling him must be Sim's.

"Sim? What are you doing?" Daniels sat on the bed, watching as the screen began to activate, opening two or three different documents at once.

"Good morning, Dan."

"It's three a.m., Sim! Why the devil did you wake me up?"

"It is now 3:05 a.m., 32 seconds past the minute. I've been looking at the overnight polling from your last speech, and we need to change the plan for today."

"But - why? The big fundraiser is tonight, and.. can't we just discuss this at a normal time?"

Sim glowed blue and then orange, to try and calm the governor down. "Dan, we've got plenty of money in the bank. But you're looking less and less likable these days. We need to change that."

"What are you talking about?"

"The overnight polling - less and less people say they can relate to you. Even though your other numbers look good, this is your major weakness."

"Well, what am I supposed to do about that?"

"Do something normal people do. Strike up a casual conversation with strangers at a diner."

"A diner? But where? And how are we going to tell all the coal mining executives - the invitations have already been sent out..."

"It's all taken care of, Dan. The fundraiser has been cancelled, the press has been alerted to the change in schedule. I just need you to get on a plane. Now, pack up and go."

"But - what - where are we going?"

"Back to New Jersey."

***

Governor Daniels and his press entourage arrived at the tiny little diner in the heart of Gage's Folly right in the middle of the breakfast crush. Just about every booth was crowded with diners, so the Governor chose a booth in the corner, while reporters and photographers jostled for a good spot near him. Out of habit, he dug Sim out of his pockets and set it on the table.

Frankie had been expecting the unwieldy crowd, and sauntered over with a pencil tucked behind her ear. "Governor Daniels, what an honor. We've been watching your campaign pretty closely around here. What'll it be this morning?"

Dan Daniels, who had employed a personal chef for his entire adult life and refused to dine anywhere that didn't have a Michelin star, looked as though he had swallowed a lemon. He was convinced that there was a grease stain somewhere on his five-figure Armani suit, and he couldn't figure out where to put his elbows. But with all the cameras around, he did his best to look Presidential. And, as Sim would have it, relatable.

"Whatever you recommend, I'm sure everything is delicious." He plastered on a sunny smile. "Always delighted to meet a supporter. You know, working together we can all get this country back to its roots..."

Frankie tried her best not to smirk, and instead pretended to scribble in her notebook. "Who needs a menu when you can have a conversation - right, Governor? Johnny'll whip up an Everything But the Kitchen Sink Omelette for you. And some coffee, of course. Make yourself at home." Frankie turned back towards the kitchen and let the Governor settle in. A little line of spectators had gathered behind Frankie, and some of them came by the booth to make small talk.

Frankie slipped behind the counter. Johnny was leaning against a column, having watched the whole exchange. "Coffee should be ready in a minute."

Frankie turned a little pirouette behind the bar and concluded by tousling her husband's hair. "Perfect." She gave him a little wink and nodded her head in the direction of the governor. "Might as well start the omelette. I think he'll need it."

After a while the crowd around the Governor had thinned out. Frankie picked up a mug and the pot of coffee and made her way through the gaggle of reporters.

"Omelette's on its way, Governor." She set the mug down on the table, just inches away from where Sim lay dormant. "In the meantime, I just now brewed up a pot of coffee, especially for you and - oh!"

Frankie missed her step as she tried to pour, and a huge splash of coffee landed on the table, dousing Sim completely.

"Oh my goodness, so sorry about that!" Frankie grabbed the rag at the side of her apron, doing her best to mop up the spill on his suit jacket. "I must have tripped, I'm such a goof - Governor, please..."

Daniels did his best to look dignified while trying to fight off the idiotic waitress who was now attacking him with a rag. "Please - it's all right - just - stop!" As the waitress continued dabbing, Daniels got more and more flustered. He could care less about the suit; he was worried about Sim. The entire campaign was at stake! But that stupid waitress refused to back away. Daniels was shouting now, red in the face. "Get off of me already!"

Daniels shoved Frankie out of the way, grasping for his device. He tapped the buttons on the side, shook it, traced frantic circles on the screen. Sim was not waking up. Daniels looked up in horror, his face contorted in rage. "You simple, small-town, clumsy fool! What have you done?"

Frankie offered him a tiny, sympathetic grin and a shrug, as the cameras flashed behind her. "So sorry, Governor. Tell you what, breakfast is on the house."
